Add a Makeswift example (#38018)
vercel/next.js: examples/cms-makeswift/README.md

## Deploy your own

Deploy the example using [Vercel](https://vercel.com?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=next-example):

[![Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new/git/external?repository-url=https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/examples/DIRECTORY_NAME&project-name=cms-makeswift&repository-name=cms-makeswift)

## Demo

### [https://nextjs-makeswift-example.vercel.app/](https://nextjs-makeswift-example.vercel.app/)

## How to use

1. Download the example:

   Execute [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app) with [npm](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/init), [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/lang/en/docs/cli/create/), or [pnpm](https://pnpm.io) to bootstrap the example:

   ```bash
   npx create-next-app --example cms-makeswift cms-makeswift-app
   # or
   yarn create next-app --example cms-makeswift cms-makeswift-app
   # or
   pnpm create next-app --example cms-makeswift cms-makeswift-app
   ```

2. Install dependencies:

   ```bash
   yarn install
   # or
   npm install
   # or
   pnpm install
   ```

> 3. Update the `.env` file to include your Makeswift site's API key:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Rename the `.env.local.example` file to `.env.local` and include your Makeswift site's API key:
```

# A statically generated landing page with Next.js and Makeswift

This example showcases how you can use [Makeswift](https://www.makeswift.com/) to visually build statically generated pages in Next.js.

## Deploy your own

Deploy the example using [Vercel](https://vercel.com?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=next-example):

> [![Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new/git/external?repository-url=https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/examples/DIRECTORY_NAME&project-name=cms-makeswift&repository-name=cms-makeswift)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[![Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new/git/external?repository-url=https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/examples/cms-makeswift&project-name=cms-makeswift&repository-name=cms-makeswift)
```

## Demo

> ### [https://nextjs-makeswift-example.vercel.app/](https://nextjs-makeswift-example.vercel.app/)

Reviewer: See also: https://github.com/vercel/next.js/pull/38018/files#r907833127

Up to you where to point, but at least the README and the link in the docs should probably link to the same example. :+1:
